Merge release 1.6 into master (#225)
MicrosoftDocs/terminal: TerminalDocs/customize-settings/interaction.md

---
title: Windows Terminal Interaction Settings
description: Learn how to customize interaction settings within Windows Terminal.
author: cinnamon-msft
ms.author: cinnamon
ms.date: 1/28/2021
ms.topic: how-to
ms.localizationpriority: high
---

# Interaction settings in Windows Terminal

The properties listed below affect the entire terminal window, regardless of the profile settings. These should be placed at the root of your settings.json file.

> [!TIP]
> If you'd like to edit these settings using the settings UI, you will have to add the `"openSettings"` action to your `"actions"` array in order to open it with the command palette or keyboard.

```json
{ "command": { "action": "openSettings", "target": "settingsUI" }, "keys": "ctrl+shift+s" },
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The settings UI is only available in [Windows Terminal Preview](https://aka.ms/terminal-preview).

## Automatically copy selection to clipboard

> When this is set to `true`, a selection is immediately copied to your clipboard upon creation. The right-click on your mouse will always paste in this case. When it's set to `false`, the selection persists and awaits further action. Using your mouse to right-click will copy the selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this is enabled, a selection is immediately copied to your clipboard upon creation. The right-click on your mouse will always paste in this case. When it's disabled, the selection persists and awaits further action. Using your mouse to right-click will copy the selection.
```
Maybe? To start steering away from json?
(same sentiment applies elsewhere)

Author: I don't want to steer away from JSON until we set the settings UI as the default behavior.

**Accepts:** `true`, `false`, `"mru"`, `"inOrder"`, `"disabled"`

**Default value:** `"inOrder"`

:::column-end:::
:::column span="":::
![Windows Terminal tab switcher](./../images/tab-switcher.gif)

:::column-end:::
:::row-end:::

### Enable tab switcher

When this is set to `true`, the `nextTab` and `prevTab` commands will use the tab switcher UI. The UI will show all the currently open tabs in a vertical list, navigable with the keyboard or mouse.

The tab switcher will open on the initial press of the actions for `nextTab` and `prevTab`, and will stay open as long as a modifier key is held down. When all modifier keys are released, the switcher will close and the highlighted tab will be focused. <kbd>tab</kbd>/<kbd>shift+tab</kbd>, the <kbd>up</kbd> and <kbd>down</kbd> arrow keys, and the `nextTab`/`prevTab` actions can be used to cycle through the switcher UI.

**Property name:** `useTabSwitcher`

**Necessity:** Optional

**Accepts:** `true`, `false`

**Default value:** `true`

> [!CAUTION]
> The `"useTabSwitcher"` setting is no longer available in versions 1.5 and later. It is recommended that you use the `"tabSwitcherMode"` setting instead.

<br />

___

> ## Paste warnings

Reviewer: Add a tip/warning that these are not accessible via SUI?

Author: Pushing this off until the settings UI becomes default.
